lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to v3.5.1 (#15860)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/lwm2m_carrier/app_integration.rst

  * These configurations allow you to choose the networks in which the carrier library will apply.
  * For example, if you are deploying a product in several networks but only need to enable the carrier library within Verizon, you must set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_VERIZON` to ``y`` and all the others to ``n``.
  * If only one carrier is selected, then the configurations listed in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` are applied to the selected carrier.

    * This will typically have to be done while you are certifying your product, to be able to connect to the carriers certification servers, since they can require different settings than the default live servers.
    * See :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_provisioning` for more information on the test configuration.

  * If you select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` Kconfig option, all the server settings mentioned in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` apply when outside of the other enabled carrier network.

>   * If multiple carriers are enabled, but the carrier defined by  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` is not one of them, then all servers settings are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If multiple carriers are enabled, but the carrier defined by  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` is not one of them, then all server settings are ignored.
```

  * These configurations allow you to choose the networks in which the carrier library will apply.
  * For example, if you are deploying a product in several networks but only need to enable the carrier library within Verizon, you must set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_VERIZON` to ``y`` and all the others to ``n``.

>   * If only one carrier is selected, then the configurations listed in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` will be applied to the selected carrier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * If only one carrier is selected, then the configurations listed in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` are applied to the selected carrier.
```

    * This will typically have to be done while you are certifying your product, to be able to connect to the carriers certification servers, since they can require different settings than the default live servers.
    * See :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_provisioning` for more information on the test configuration.

>   * If you select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` option, all the server settings mentioned in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` apply when outside of the other enabled carrier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * If you select the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` Kconfig option, all the server settings mentioned in :ref:`server_options_lwm2m` apply when outside of the other enabled carrier network.
```

>   * If multiple carrier are enabled, but :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` is not one of them, then all servers settings are ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * If multiple carriers are enabled, but the carrier defined by  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC` is not one of them, then all servers settings are ignored.
```

Server options
==============

Following are some of the server Kconfig options that you can configure.

> See the ``Enabled Carriers`` under :ref:`general_options_lwm2m` for when the option is relevant.

Reviewer 2: Is this a section? If so, linking would be best.

Author: Not a section. But perhaps it should be. I will consider how to group these across Kconfig/rst/.h file

For :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_GENERIC`, no valid factory configuration has been set.

> At a minimum a URI must be set, unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_SERVER_BINDING_CHOICE` is non-IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At a minimum, a URI must be set, unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_SERVER_BINDING_CHOICE` Kconfig option value is non-IP.
```

> At a minimum a URI must be set, unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_SERVER_BINDING_CHOICE` is non-IP.

Reviewer 3: We can add a remark that changing any of the server setting will result in a factory reset (new bootstrap sequence).

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_CUSTOM_URI`:

  * This configuration lets the LwM2M carrier library connect to a custom server other than the normal carrier server and enables the generic mode if used in an operator network that is not supported.
  * You must set this option during self-testing.
    For more information, see :ref:`lwm2m_certification`.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_IS_BOOTSTRAP_SERVER`:

  * This configuration is ignored if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_CUSTOM_URI` is not set.

>   * This configuration specifies if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_CUSTOM_URI` is an LwM2M bootstrap server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * This configuration specifies if the server defined by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_CUSTOM_URI` is an LwM2M bootstrap server.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CARRIER_SERVER_SEC_TAG`:

  * This configuration provides the library with a security tag.

>     The security tag must contain a PSK, and may additionaly contain a PSK identity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The security tag must contain a PSK, and can additionally contain a PSK identity.
```

* Error Code - Defaults to ``0`` if not set (No Error).
* Device Type - Defaults to ``Module`` if not set.

> * Software Version - Defaults to ``LwM2M <libversion>``.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Software Version - Defaults to ``LwM2M_carrier_<libversion>``.
```

>   For example, ``LwM2M carrier 3.5.1`` for release 3.5.1.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  For example, ``LwM2M_carrier_3.5.1`` for release 3.5.1.
```
